1-6 Journal: From Problem to Persuasion

Topic 1: Privacy vs. Security
There are mainly two arguments opposing each other in regards to privacy vs security in my experience. The first being "if you aren't doing anything illegal, 
then there shouldn't be an issue". I could probably word that a little better, but basically it implies that less privacy and more security is a good thing 
for law-abiding citizens. In a perfect world, this would absolutely be the case. However, we do not live in a perfect world. I lean more towards the other side 
of the discussion, which believes sacrificing privacy for security is wrong, and puts people with oppressive governments at risk. My perspective is mostly 
cybersecurity related, so that's how I will approach this topic in future writings. It's also directly related to both my career as an ethical hacker and the 
computer science degree I'm working towards.

Topic 2: Open Source vs. Closed Source
With open source, the source code is freely available on the internet. This has the strong benefit of being constantly reviewed by programmers across the world. 
However, this also makes discovering exploitable vulnerabilities much easier as well. In contrast, source code that is closed source is NOT available to the 
general public, and is kept much more private. In order to benefit from this, there must be a team dedicated to searching the source code for bugs and 
vulnerabilities. While it's much harder for the general public to find flaws, it's still only a matter of time before they do. I personally believe open source 
is typically better, however, I agree there are many situations where closed source is preferable. It highly depends on the type of software, who uses the 
software, and what kind of access the software has.

I will most likely write about topic 1; it's something I've thought about for a long time. As stated above, I will be arguing that sacrificing privacy for 
security is wrong. The audience will most likely be my peers in the information security world. This topic directly relates to what they do on a daily basis. 
There are many roles in information security, but they all end up directly involved with privacy and security. This topic has been talked about and covered many 
times because it's so relevant and important.
