  As a part of the coursework for English 123, the class will eventually be
writing persuasive essays. Each module, we build upon our chosen topic, learning
best practices and techniques to make the eventual essay more impactful. For
this assignment, I am going to be following a writing plan to help gather my
notes and thoughts on my chosen topic.


  Sacrificing privacy for security is bad. Specifically, taking away someone
else’s privacy and claiming it will make them more secure is wrong. I fully
believe that everyone should have a clear and easy-to-understand choice when
it comes to privacy vs. security. It should be optional and presented with a
detailed description of what exactly is being done. As a cybersecurity
professional, I will mostly be arguing from a cybersecurity standpoint. This
greatly relates to my current profession and chosen degree.


	Some possible key points for my argument are oppressive governments,
criminals, and costs vs benefits:

  1.	Oppressive governments are notorious for controlling what the people of
      their nation say and do. This helps them maintain their image and stay in
      power. They have very little privacy since everything they do is monitored
      for “security threats”. There are methods to bypass these security
      controls, but they are complicated and require a decent amount of
      technical knowledge. Therefore, you have a group of people who cannot tell
      the world about the horrible things going on in their nation at the hand
      of their government. This is an extreme example of what happens when
      sacrificing privacy for security is left unchecked.

  2.	The more information these security controls gather about individuals, the
      more likely they are going to be targeted by criminals. As an ethical
      hacker myself, I know that nothing exists that is un-hackable, and that it
      would be only a matter of time before their wealth of information is
      stolen to be used maliciously. The more data you collect, the more
      lucrative you are to steal from. This almost makes the security gained
      from sacrificing privacy non-existent.

  3.	What are the actual benefits of the security gained from losing privacy?
      On October 25, 1979, Australia implemented the Telecommunications
      (Interception and Access) Act 1979 which required telecommunications
      companies to retain specific telecommunications data for at least two
      years. The security benefit from the act is allowing law enforcement to
      quickly build evidence and arrest suspects. The cost is involuntarily
      giving up privacy. There are some who say that the government is good and
      is using it for good purposes, so it should not be an issue. While this
      may be true, there is no way for every citizen to trust their government
      truly and completely, and nor should there be. This amount of private data
      aggregated should make many people uncomfortable and wary. In the future
      or even secretly happening now, individuals in the government could abuse
      their power or begin to turn more authoritarian, using that data for
      malicious purposes. The government turn into the criminals they used the
      data for in the first place. The benefits do not outweigh the costs.

  I think my audience will likely be those uneducated in cybersecurity, such as
those who are unaware that they are being monitored and tracked daily. One of
the biggest challenges I will face is explaining the technical side in a manner
that can be easily understood. Providing examples, using simple language,
over-simplifying some things, providing resources for further understanding, and
relating concepts to more commonly understood examples are some of the ways I
will help the audience fully understand. Their ability to understand exactly
what I am saying is crucial to persuading towards my argument.

  My end goals are to raise awareness about privacy concerns, convince people to
my side, and hopefully help prevent more invasive security measures from being
implemented. This essay will need a lot of research and examples to back up my
claims. While I easily speak from my experience, that will only take my argument
so far. It is hard to trust someone you do not know, which is entirely my point
about trusting government with too much of your personal data.

  There are tons of articles about this topic. There is also plenty of data on
arrests, internet traffic, privacy laws, etc… The main issue is finding enough
data that can undeniably correlate without conducting a study of my own (which
is a whole different mess that I do not want to tackle). Here is a list of a few
articles that I like and may use for my essay:

  1.	https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32006L0024
      This is a directive implemented by the EU in 2006. It was annulled in
      2014, but it is a good example of how governments justify their invasion
      of privacy.

  2.	https://www.legislation.gov.au/Details/C2017C00192
      An Australian act passed in 1979, but reviewed several times and updated
      in 2017, this is one of the older acts, and therefore will have a lot of
      data and information regarding it. I expect to find a lot of articles
      defending both sides of the act.

  3.	https://www.bjs.gov/
      The Bureau of Justice Statistics will have a lot of data and information
      regarding crimes, and in this case, cyber crimes. While the invasion of
      privacy is used for attributing more than just cyber crimes, it’s
      currently the most I have to go off of. I’m sure with more research I can
      find more data regarding arrests made due to the data retention acts.

  4.	https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2019/country-chapters/north-korea
      An article on North Korea’s oppression will prove key to my oppressive
      government point. North Korea is notorious for controlling and lying to
      their people. There are many other articles and even some defectors’
      stories. Expect to see more of this in my essay!

  Key points to provided resources:

  1.	Oppressive Governments:
      a.	All the above-mentioned resources can be used to show how these laws
          can slowly be used more and more aggressively.
      b.	#4 is especially relevant.
      c.	I would like to find more data and resources regarding oppressive
          governments who silenced their people.

  2.	Criminals:
      a.	There is a massive amount of public release statements where a company
          announced their customers’ data stolen by hackers. The above resources
          do not necessarily complement this key point (except for maybe #3),
          but it will not be hard to find evidence that does.

  3.	Costs vs Benefits:
      a.	This one is a bit tricky. While all the above will speak on benefits,
          especially #3, I will have to work extra hard to accumulate
          information on the costs. I’m thinking about showing the actual costs
          of retaining the data and increases in arrests, then comparing it to
          before these laws went into effect and the amount of arrests made
          then. This will give me a good model to see if the costs are worth the
          increase in arrests. If plausible, I will give better recommendations
          to use that money for (the world can always use more mental health
          support!).

  I think the strongest point of my argument is by far the oppressive government
point. Not only are there more examples of this from the past, but there are
also modern-day examples happening even now. This is something everyone can
understand and most likely agree with, making it my strongest point. I should
probably spend most of my time focusing on this versus the other key points. My
concern is whether I should focus on this early on to draw the reader in, or if
I should talk about it last to make a bigger impact at the end.
